#API Review for Team 14

##Part I
1. We can create a new class for any command the designer wants to have implemented,
and the command parser just checks all command classes to match the user input
to a command. Most classes are implemented as interfaces, providing easy implementation
of classes that implement the GUI (for example) but change its appearance.

2. We have a read-eval-print loop class (Controller) that passes all data between
the frontend and backend through it. The turtle and command parser do not communicate
with each other or with the frontend.

3. The only way an error could be thrown in this program is incorrect user input - either 
choosing a file that is not an image for the Turtle or inputting incorrectly formatted
input. The command parser will catch these incorrect inputs by failing to match the input
to a built-in command, and will tell Controller to tell UI to make a pop-up saying 
"error: invalid input". If a non-image file is selected, the UI will handle the exception
immediately. For the most part the backend will be dealing with these errors

4. Good APIs are encapsulated, easily extendable, and easily modified.
Our API fits these criteria because the frontend does not communicate directly with the backend
and the classes implement the API interfaces. 

##Part II
1. The MVC design helps run the entire structure and we implement the REPL to deal
with the user inputs and convert them to commands.

2. Generic commands will help the backend deal with commands that deal with multiple
type of variables. Observable type will also allow us to create connections between
the front end and the backend without breaking encapsulation.

3. I am most excited to work on the turtle responses to commands. This should be 
fairly straight forward and it will be cool once we are able to successfully code 
commands.

4. I am worried about dealing with passing things around a healthy amount without
it getting out of hand. Observable objects should make this easier to deal with.

5. Use Cases:
*User changes the language* 
When a user clicks on the language menu item, the combobox will drop down and the
user will be able to click on one of the available languages (determined by available
property files). Once the user chooses a new language, the language resource bundle
will be changed by the parser’s `setLanguage()` method and therefore the accepted
language values in the command line will change.

*User types in command* 
When a user types in a command, the string entered will be set to the REPL to process
the command. When the processed command returns the GUI will call the `update()`
method to update the corresponding history and variables frame to reflect the current
state of the program.

*User types in invalid command*
The command will follow the normal command path but will be stopped by the time it
gets to the parser and return an error. Throwing an error will print out a error
to the console

*User changes the Turtle image*
The UI will have a setting to change the Turtle image to a new image. A file reader
will open for the user to change the image. Safeguards will be put in place to check
that the file is valid 

*User clicks on past history*
The history command will load the past command to be ran again. Command can then
be edited or ran like normal.